Open Flame Double Absolute Formation
No, they can't take it anymore
I'm afraid it's dangerous
Hahaha, you hit the stone with evil.
How to eat the stupid hands of leftover women
A mere mortal is beyond his own reach
God does not know that the benefits are full
It's time to take action
Wrong go
He actually helped out on his own
senior brother
Why do I feel like there's an endless supply of truth in my body?
How come?
It is impossible to strengthen the power of Fa-rectification
He is not a mortal man
How can you resist my palm
Nice
With the power of Kamitani alone, he is naturally not a match for the witch
Fortunately, I learned this battle that day
The power of Kamitani can complement it
Ask for stunts
Unleash the maximum strength of both parties
The power of Kamitani regains the celestial realm
Girl, are you alright?
Hahaha they lost
The headwind is not only unique
More understanding
It's a rare sight in a thousand years
How is it girl
Then this first hall is a girl. Bye
Don't be complacent
This girl will show all her strength
That's right girl
This time we have to be really motivated
Let them see what we can do